what can you tell us about this motor
this is a traditional Pontiac 400 engine
that's been bored and stroked to 462 the
motor took us about four weeks to build
and the exclusive coverage and the build
was done by a Pontiac enthusiast
magazine it's a pump gas motor and it
runs Comp Cams
custom ground nightmare solid flat
tappet camshaft and with box stock
Edelbrock heads it made 575 foot-pounds
of torque and 545 horsepower for a
traditional Pontiac restoration shop and
we do everything in-house Motors
trannies and rears for your traditional
Pontiac the engine will be given away to
one lucky winner at the Carlyle all GM
nationals on Saturday night at 4 o'clock
ok over here we have a 68 Pontiac
Tempest this is actually my son
Nicholas's car he's only four and a half
years old so that's why I'm driving it
today this is actually our daily driver
and our tow vehicle we tell our trailer
with it and this is just a fine example
of the quality of work that comes from
my shopping what can you tell me about
this car oh this is a 70 L 78 Camaro
from frettin Chevrolet big buck only six
under did these reproduced and it's been
restored by myself that can Colorado
what kind of shape was it in when you
got it well it needed basically a
ground-up restoration so and it was
missing some of the main major
components which I have found over the
years and just collected all the parts
up and put it together how long did it
take you to restore it off and on for
about oh about eight years
there's always something changes on it
I've always been a big fan of the 72-73
Camaros I always enjoyed owning them and
this one was pretty special and I've had
it a long time and probably will for for
a long time too